C-PLUFF WINDOWS DISTRIBUTION
============================

This is a precompiled binary distribution of C-Pluff for Microsoft
Windows platform. For copyright and licensing information of different
components, see the files in the COPYRIGHT directory.


Generating the import library
-----------------------------

The C-Pluff Windows distribution includes a precompiled C-Pluff runtime
library as DLL. Additionally, on Windows platform you will also need a
corresponding import library to be able to compile software that uses the
DLL. For some reason import libraries generated by different Windows
compilers (MinGW, Visual C, Borland C, etc.) are generally incompatible.
The C-Pluff Windows distribution has been cross-compiled on Debian
GNU/Linux using MinGW and therefore includes an import library for MinGW
(libcpluff.dll.a). To use C-Pluff with other compilers you have to
generate a suitable import library using the included export definitions
file, libcpluff.def.


Generating the import library for Microsoft Visual C
----------------------------------------------------

These instructions were initially tested with Microsoft Visual C++ 2005
Express Edition. Please report any problems to the C-Pluff users mailing
list.

The import library can be generated using the Microsoft Library Manager,
or lib.exe, and the export definitions provided in libcpluff.def.

Before trying to use the Visual C command line tools, you have to set up
required environment variables by executing vcvarsall.bat in the Visual C
installation directory. Alter the path in the following example as
necessary for your installation.

  C:\"Program Files"\"Microsoft Visual Studio 8"\VC\vcvarsall

Then execute the following command in the library directory containing
libcpluff.def.

  lib /machine:I386 /name:libcpluff-0.dll /def:libcpluff.def /out:libcpluff.lib

This should generate libcpluff.lib, an import library for Visual C.
